Snap Share - Become Snapchat Famous
The Snapchat Companion App

User Logs In, associated with their snapchat handle.
  DOING THINGS THAT DONT SCALE
    Will verify by sending that user a verification code.
    When a user attempts to register their snap username, they will have to wait a few minutes for a hand-sent auth code.
    I will receive an email with the characters in a big font
    I will then send them a snapchat with the auth code for them to log in with
    We need a way for them to be able to try again, which shoots me a fresh auth code

Now you can view the top snaps of the day, ordered by most likes. Super straight forward

User {
  snapUserName: String,
  snapCode: image/pointer,
  dateJoined: Date,
  verified: Bool
}

Video {
  user: ID,
  posted: [Date],
  video: pointer,
  likes: Number,
  views: Number,
  reported: Number
}

So we're taking advantage of being able to download your snap story.
  We have to come up with a cleaner solution than what I have so far due to overlap.
  New Day starts at 5AM (but if you have a snap from 8PM last night, it will be in your upload, need a fix)
  Upload that video, it will replace the current day's video
  Video will be stored somewhere in AWS or something


You can also view user pages, which will simply have a snap code (we have to figure that out, username for now).

Can we parse the snapchat qr codes? -> probably not
Will have to log in via snapchat until we have exclusive access. We neeeeeed Gary.

Get 100 users minimum using it regularly.





DRock, I sent this Snapchat discovery app I built to Gary, but I want you to try it out. It will blow you away. Tell Gary I'm ready to crush it and want a 10 minute meeting with him to rapidly expand if he's interested.

MVP built by 2/7, in apple store by 2/14, expand starting there.


Yo whats up Aryia, been a fan for a while now, follow your emails

I also dropped out of school last year to pursue tech and really think we stand on common ground of following your dreams, as corny as that sounds

But actually though, I just commented this on your insta, but if youre traveling a ton and need a place to crash for a couple nights in SF, straight up, let me know.

Hopefully I can convey via snapchat that I'm not weird as fuck and legit just want to get to know someone who dropped out to pursue their dreams in a field outside of tech. Seriously. Let me know.